Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Kevin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was going on.
iPhone: Math and just work and
iPhone: My dad and
iPhone: I guess his girlfriend of 20 years they're like breaking up so
iPhone: Going through that you just stressed out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What he's dressed up for
iPhone: Because my dad and his girlfriend or whatever they they could barely afford what they have now and
iPhone: They're right was jacked all the way up to like 1600 dollars and they like live in a really crappy neighborhood, like in Oak Park and you know they're going to separate and my dad can't afford to place on his own and we were already paying for
iPhone: Like food for him. And we've also last night just paid the rest of his cable bill because it was so far behind. And, you know, like
iPhone: I don't know, it's just like, I don't want to tap in but same time, you know, I feel like a little kid when you know their parents are getting divorced, you know, so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get along with her and you like her. Yeah.
iPhone: Let me for the most part. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's kind of a loss for you too.
iPhone: Yeah, man, they kind of like put me in the middle of everything, because you know my dad first called me yesterday and he asked me was, like, I paid like $250 or you know her name is lane. He's like yeah I leaned pay $250 on the cable bill and
iPhone: I guess whenever they call Direct TV. They said that if they because that yesterday morning they woke up in the cables off. So he called and they said, Oh, well, if you pay $250 then we'll turn it back on. And, you know,
iPhone: Just pay $250 on it. Well, they went out pay $250 on it and they came home and they call them. They're like,
iPhone: Can we get the cable turned back on and they're all like, I don't know. Who told you about that $250 thing. But that's not true so far behind, you have to pay the full amount before we turn it back on. So,
iPhone: You know my dad, you know, he wanted his cable, I guess so. I paid like a little under $200 to, you know, turn it back on. And I told him I was like
iPhone: You need to go on there or talk to them and tell them to, you know, take all of the little special packages and stuff off of it.
iPhone: Because you're probably spent least wasting hundred dollars on all these extra channels and you don't really watch them. The only reason why they have them is because
iPhone: Elaine used to watch a lot of TV shows on like HBO or scars are all that stuff. But, you know, for the past couple years she's had Netflix, Hulu.
iPhone: You know all Disney plus like all of these different services and stuff. And I'm like, I guess all of her shows are pretty much on there. So it's pointless to have that cable.
iPhone: So I was like, if you guys are really separating and stuff, then you guys need to or you him need to, you know, just get basic cable. You don't need the fancy, you know, $200 or however much it is a month for, you know, the mack daddy package of fable.
iPhone: Stupid, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, how's your dad hanging up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having this whole thing.
iPhone: I mean, he's kind of like my dad is really stubborn. He gets, you know, angry really easily and
iPhone: Like last night. First he called me about the the bill and told me, and originally. He asked me, like, could you, you know,
iPhone: Pay the rest of it. And then whenever I get my check. Then all you know pay you right back. And at the time I was dealing with CBS yesterday, trying to get my medication.
iPhone: And because, you know, the doctor was by himself. Yesterday, like he kind of got really far behind, and
iPhone: I drove all the way over there. First, I tried to call CVS, just to make sure that, you know, everything was good but they were so busy that you know they just didn't I pretty much drove from my work always to CVS.
iPhone: And, you know, they didn't even pick up once I was on the phone with them for like 2025 minutes or so. So when I got there I went inside and there was like at least probably like eight people in lines and it was just it normally it's not that busy on a Monday.
iPhone: That I've gone past like month or so getting my medicines on that day.
iPhone: So I finally, you know, all I stood in the line finally got up there and I told him I was like I was just checking to see my medications are ready.
iPhone: And they looked in there was nothing there. And I was like, How's that even possible. You know, he's gonna put it in. So I walked outside. I was all pissed off or whatever.
iPhone: And and I went outside and I called bright heart and stuff and told them what was going on and they just said that, you know, since you weren't there yesterday.
iPhone: He was kind of because even our in our group. I don't know what time his group start and stuff. But, you know, our group started at 1015 we didn't really get out till 11 like almost 1145 so I'm pretty sure that group right there. It delayed all the other groups that were
iPhone: So I'm pretty much after I got talking to bright heart. They're like, oh, he just sent it in like 10 minutes ago.
iPhone: And of course I was waiting on the phone with bright heart for probably about 10 or 15 minutes so I walked back in there. And I told them, and I'm they're all like, Well, at first when she pulled it up. She didn't see anything. And then she said that she has only like
iPhone: cleared out of my record or something and then needed my birthdate again. So then she I told it to her and then she saw the order in there.
iPhone: But they needed the authorization, because the way that my insurance is that, like if there's any type of medication increase or, you know, I don't know. It's just what the little rules and stuff so
iPhone: They needed the authorization. So I said, Okay, go ahead and do that because instead of the three tablets. A day they were going to do three and a half.
iPhone: So, since it was so late yesterday it was like five something the lady was like, Yeah, we could send it to them, but most insurances they're pretty much closed right now. So you might you won't even be able to get anything, till at least tomorrow. So I was like, I can't do that. So,
iPhone: I called bright heart again and then I talked to Danielle. She's the one that does the authorizations
iPhone: Back up a little bit. I spoke to the lady and I was like, well, what happens if I just stick with the three because she said I had one I guess one order left of the pre authorization to be able to get three tablets for the week.
iPhone: And she said that
iPhone: If I wanted, I could just
iPhone: Just do the three tablets and the next week. If I wanted to, you know, start the three and a half dead, but we have to do the pre authorization, you know, a few days before
iPhone: I actually get the medication. Otherwise, I won't get it on time so I'm like the past week I've just been having a lot of cravings. I just been stressed out and
iPhone: Of course, usually when I'm like stressed out or you know upset or whatever. That's always like kind of medicated myself was just to kind of take ownership pills just kind of numb out everything and forget everything
iPhone: So,
iPhone: It's just been really hard. So that's why I was like yesterday, I was like, I can't do that, especially with you know what's going on with my dad and Elaine
iPhone: And I was just like, I can't do that because even though I say I'm not going to. I don't know what could really happen. So I'd rather have that preventative thing and not, you know, try to like relapse or something like that. So,
iPhone: They
iPhone: CBS said to you know basically let the doctor, whoever know for by heart to call CVS and let them know to just release the three tablets.
iPhone: A day for this week. And then next week, do the three and a half. But they couldn't have
iPhone: New orders at the same time and with the authorization in place so they had to kind of like cancel that and Danielle doing that does authorizations she
iPhone: Called CBS and said, It's okay to do the three. So I was able to get all of my medicines, but I was there for two hours last night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh geez.
iPhone: Yeah, so it's just a bit of a hassle. And normally I always call
iPhone: You know, around like maybe two or so, just to make sure everything is going smoothly. So when I get off work out for 430 then by the time I get there by five, you know, everything should be ready to pick up
iPhone: So it was just
iPhone: Really knowing a lot. Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did, why did you guys say group for so long.
iPhone: And we well
iPhone: I don't know if you spoke to Lauren or not but Lauren, I guess she's like doing a lot better and stuff. And she's a lot more talkative than usual, which is kind of shocking, but she seemed a lot more happier. This week, so, um,
iPhone: We did her normal, you know, medication thing. And then after that, he was just like, Okay, if we go a couple extra minutes, you know, whatever.
iPhone: So I guess we like talked about some of the steps and you know he we want to run the group, and he like asked a question, and then we have it all answer it and not trying to be negative or whatever but Lauren was taking a long time you know like
iPhone: Because she writes, your little notes and she does all that stuff. So the second time around that it, you know, he asked question, we went around. She took a really long time.
iPhone: So he's just like, yeah, just a minute each. But then, with her was probably like 10 minutes or so, but I know sometimes I talk a lot. And, you know, go on and on and on. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I apologize that I missed group yesterday I was fighting, you know, really, I'm fighting some kind of situs thing that's going on right now. And I woke up and I just had this extreme headache and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just couldn't shake it.
Off so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm not. No, I'm not one to do that a lot. So yeah, I apologize. I feel bad because you know is the first time that he actually the doctor, he actually was doing it on his own. So
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm sure that he was stressed out for it. Um So walk me through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of your cravings.
iPhone: When you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when did they get the worst.
iPhone: And well, yesterday, I'd say would have to be like that. The worst but um
iPhone: It was weird though, because I think I can't really pinpoint it when it really started because you know we spoke on Tuesday. I THINK IT WAS AND YOU KNOW I WAS DOING FINE.
iPhone: And so even like the day before that on the Monday, I was just like, yeah, I think three is perfect. I was like, I didn't have like any cravings or anything. I was fine.
iPhone: But things, you know, with my dad started to, you know, hit the fan and, you know, like I just, it's just started to like I said, it's like when I get overwhelmed and stressed out, or like kind of sad, then you know I've always the way that I cope with it would be with pills.
iPhone: Right, so, you know, without Have not I just been, I've been getting those dreams again where I'm like having
iPhone: dreams about, you know, trying to find pills, you know, or trying to go by films or finding a lot of films, you know, so I could tell like when I'm really craving is when I'm starting to dream about you know about it was kind of cool. So, and I'm talking about dreams.
iPhone: Sorry to go off a little bit off topic, but the past two nights. I've been having like nightmares like these weird kind of nightmares. I don't know if I explained to you before, but
iPhone: It used only happen like you know once every maybe month or so or month and a half, where
iPhone: I start to fall asleep and normally when you go to sleep in your large asleep, your body will like numb itself out so that when you're not like acting stuff out like it paralyzes itself.
iPhone: So you don't move around a lot. Well,
And
iPhone: It's becoming more and more like instead of it was like, you know, once every month or two, and then, you know, maybe twice a month and then it kind of stalled and it didn't really happen for a while but
iPhone: The first time it happened. It was really scary. But then the other few times that it's happened. It's never really been that bad, but the last two nights.
iPhone: Will say Sunday night. It happened where my whole body was super numb and it's like in between of like sleep paralysis and like a vivid
iPhone: lucid dream type thing where my body feels really numb and I feel like I it's like very, very real because it all happens like me in my bed like I'm laying down and I'm like, trying to open my eyes and
iPhone: You know, in that dream that I was having. I was like, slipping off the bed and I couldn't. But all of this. I'm like, aware of like how my body is feeling like it feels super numb and tingly and
iPhone: I like slip off the bed and then I like wake up in my dream, but I'm still sleeping in real life, and like that pattern kept happening, but things like weird things were happening.
iPhone: In my dream. And finally, the last thing that happened was I fell off the bed and I was trying to crawl and I couldn't really move
iPhone: And, you know, my husband like gets out of bed and it looks. I mean, it's like, what the fuck are you doing, what are you on, like, you know, freaking out over me thinking amongst something
iPhone: And then all sudden like in real life, my eyes. Finally, like shot open and I was like, I basically was kind of having like a panic attack because I was like that was scary.
iPhone: Though I told the doctor yesterday about the dream that I had and that is becoming more frequent and it's not because of like
iPhone: The Suboxone or the trash don't like this has been happening before I you know like when I was doing pills.
iPhone: And even it even happened. Whenever you know say if I hadn't taken any pills and like a week or so then I still get them. I like, I don't think it has anything to do with like medications drugs or anything like that. I just think it has something to do with literally like me, my body.
iPhone: That's happening or my brain. My nerves something so
iPhone: I told the doctor and he prescribing some medication that I guess people use for PTSD and I took it last night and I had like, like a like a huge nightmare. Like, it made it worse.
iPhone: My body didn't feel numb and tingly. But before going to sleep. I took it and about like 45 minutes later I like lay down in bed because I was actually really tired, which is kind of shocking to me.
iPhone: Because normally medications like Benadryl or even the trolls don't. It doesn't make me feel that tired, where I'm like, Okay, I need to go lay down. I feel super tired.
iPhone: So I just you know that medication did that to me last night and also kind of made me feel a little bit kind of dizzy and just kind of like drunk or like high like I just felt like really really weird and
iPhone: So I fall asleep, and then I had like another like really really weird like vivid like very realistic kind of dream where
iPhone: I know when I was starting to fall asleep. My nose was starting to feel really plugged and stuffy, so I was breathing in and out of my mouth.
iPhone: Well, I know. Like, I can't remember exactly all the things that happened, but it was a really freaky dream, but there was a couple things that really freaked me out before I woke up.
iPhone: And one of them was that my mouth was so dry. I like you know I like get up out of bed in my dream. And I'm like, trying to drink a bottle water but
iPhone: When I put the water in my mouth. I'm not able to swallow it, and in real life. My mouth was so dry that I couldn't really swallow. I had no spit in my mouth. But I'm like trying to drink this water and like trying to squeeze it and all of a sudden like the waters like somehow like
iPhone: Swollen into my skin or something and then I like look at my skin in my dream and I have like all these weird little sensitive bumps that look like
iPhone: I don't even know. Like just almost like when people kind of have, like, you know, just like a tumor in their arm or something. It looked like that, but it was like all over my body and my dream and it hurt.
iPhone: Well, when I finally woke up in real life. I was like super panicking like having another panic attack or something.
iPhone: And my mouth was super dry and I was like, okay, that's why I was like, because usually, if I'm like
iPhone: Really really thirsty. In real life, and I'm like dehydrated. I'll in my dreams I drink a lot of water.
iPhone: And I'm just like, constantly drinking water. So, you know, my mouth is super dry and I haven't been drinking a lot of water. The last, you know, week
iPhone: So when I woke up and I drink water and like there were certain parts of my body where it was like, Is this somebody was like poking my body and like almost like kind of felt bruised, in a way, and in my dream.
iPhone: That's where the those little boils, or like tumor looking things were in my body and even like on my face like I remember I looked in the mirror and it was like all like distorted and it looked really really weird and fuzzy like I was like hallucinating or something.
iPhone: So I'm not taking that medication. Again, like I don't want to try it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was it cold.
iPhone: It's like like frozen. I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: And it's kind of weird because people. I guess you use it for like PTSD or like nightmares and stuff in it like I felt like
iPhone: Yeah, like gave me, or worse, you know, night terrors, or, you know, bad dreams or nightmares, whatever, and that they're cold so
iPhone: What I'm like what I experienced when I have like these numbing sensations and stuff I try looking it up online, and I can't really find anything.
iPhone: Or like anybody else explaining it except for the closest thing would be like sleep paralysis, but usually like I've had, like, I guess, a typical sleep process where I
iPhone: Like wake up and my body feels really numb and I can't move. And like, usually people will see like demons or like monsters or something like something really scary.
iPhone: So I think what I'm experiencing is like a form of sleep paralysis, but it's happening when I'm like bright when I fall asleep or like right when I'm falling asleep so
iPhone: And I have like a Fitbit and you can go on the app. And like look at your sleep and stuff. And what I've noticed is that whenever I
iPhone: When I look at it and I look at the actual time that I fall asleep, and it shows that I'm I think I'm literally like starting off in rem
iPhone: You know, like the sleep cycle instead of sleeping lightly or anything like that i i think when I first go to sleep. I'm literally hitting
iPhone: The rapid eye movement stage because when I have these like weird, freaky dreams. When I first go to sleep, and the whole numbing body sensation thing happens and
iPhone: I'm obviously having like a really, really strong vivid dream the bodies known and
iPhone: It only lasts for like 20 or 30 minutes before I wake myself up because it's so terrifying. And when I wake up my eyeballs hurt.
iPhone: And that's how I kind of know that like I'm in that rapid eye movement stage of sleep because usually when you're in that thing. It's your eyes. You're literally moving around a lot, because
iPhone: That's what rapid eye movement is, you know,
iPhone: So yeah, so that's kind of what I've been doing the last couple right so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think that has any what's going on with your dad has any contribution to that.
iPhone: Well, I think, like the whole like me being like stressed out and overwhelmed and not sleeping enough or sleeping too much like the insomnia, like, yeah, insomnia, stress, I think that's what's contributing to it all, but like I don't know how to necessarily
iPhone: Like go to bed earlier because like I physically can't go to sleep, and it's like if I try to take trolls don't or, you know, other sleeping stuff. It makes me too tired and it's like, I can't
iPhone: And I already have a problem trying to wake up in the morning without medication, but if I take, you know, medication that's supposed to help with sleep or insomnia. It makes it even worse for me to get up in the morning. So it's like, I can't wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the hardest part is trying to find some kind of balance, you know, within it all that still allows you to be productive in the mornings, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But make sure that you tell Dr Nasser about you know what you're experiencing and that you don't want to take this anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, it shouldn't have that effect on you. And I don't know if it's one that has to build up in your system or if it's like automatic
iPhone: Well, because I think another thing that might have freaked me out is that
iPhone: A lot of my world.
iPhone: Like to start off with a lot of my anxieties usually stems from something medical like you know like if I'm overdosing you know like when I was taking medicine like that like abusing it
iPhone: You know, like if I was having like an overdose, or what I thought was an overdose. That's a lot of the times that I was having my anxiety or panic attacks, you know, what have you. So, um, you know, all that happening, and then say there was another part
iPhone: About anxiety. Oh, and then
iPhone: I was on Google last night, looking up the side effects be like right before I went to sleep when I was like super tired. Most looking at the symptoms and stuff.
iPhone: Or side effects and I saw all like a like a huge list of side effects for this medication. So I think like reading it right before I went to sleep. You know, I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't know
iPhone: Yet like freaked my brain out before going to sleep so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, make sure that you tell him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About it when we are in group on Monday, so that he can, you know, stop it, stop the prescription. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm outside of, you know, struggling with your sleep and the stress that you're under with your dad. How's everything else going
iPhone: And
iPhone: So sleep did you say anything about work because I don't know. I've been
iPhone: I've been like when that past week I've been feeling a lot more sensitive. Like I feel like just, you know, most of the people that I work with. I just feel like they hate me, but
iPhone: I just realized something last night that I'm the youngest one that works there and like I just feel like I'm
iPhone: You know, it was kind of like whenever I was in high school, kind of brings those memories backwards. You know, I was like one of the youngest ones in my, my whole class.
iPhone: And, you know, like I felt like people treat me differently. And even though I feel like I'm a nice person. I just feel like, for some reason, people just don't like me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think that is
I don't know.
iPhone: That's the thing is is that, like, I don't know if there's something that I'm doing. That's like upsetting them. But when I tried to talk to them, or if I say like
iPhone: You know, high or goodbye, you know, and I'm seeing it super nicely. They'll just like ignore me and I'm like, Well, that was pretty messed up. Like, I'm just trying to be nice and
iPhone: You know, like I tried to explain to one of the girls. A few weeks ago, probably, like, a month ago, I was like, I feel like people are starting to kind of like
iPhone: You know, hate me and i don't i don't want, I don't like it when people hate me, or I don't like that feeling of
iPhone: Thinking that people don't like me or hate me, not necessarily hate me. But, you know, like they don't really care for me. They don't want to talk to me or they don't want to help me, you know,
Mm hmm.
iPhone: Which is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which can be really frustrating, too.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really, honestly, you know, one thing that you learn is that it's what other people think you know about you, even though we really kind of base, a lot of things off of other people's perception of us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really, it's not. I wouldn't, you know, I would try to let go of that and just be who you are care because
iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At the end of the day, you know, they're not the ones that pay your bills and they're not the ones that you know are in your personal life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they see that's the thing is that it's like I know all of this stuff and like I've used. I never really been like this. Like, I've always thought like
iPhone: You know, like I don't give a, you know, I don't give a shit of what anybody thinks about me like nobody knows my life. They don't know what I'm going through. They don't know what I've gone through
iPhone: You know, like nobody needs to know my business. Like I never really gave a shit about what people thought of me, but
iPhone: You know, I think of me just being like starting to get like all of like my real feelings back and trying to deal with them you know and like a healthy way.
iPhone: That, like, I think, you know, because, like, Hi, I'm like right now being kind of like sensitive and stuff like that. That's how I was like years ago.
iPhone: Like 10 years ago, before I even started anything. So I think that's another reason why I like you know taking pills is because I was a lot more outgoing or, you know, and I felt like people liked me a whole lot more and
iPhone: You know, like pills and stuff like that drugs in general, you know, just kind of numbs you up and you have like that. I don't give a crap attitude and
iPhone: Made me more confident and it basically, you know, it's like a like a big old blanket that just covered me and made me feel comfortable and now it's like I gotta deal with these things in real life you know like the sober way.
iPhone: And I have like that.
iPhone: Coping you know mechanism type stuff that you know, normal people do on a daily basis because I've been, you know, I've dealt with it in a different way. So it's like now I feel like I'm
iPhone: You know, pretty much like 18 again and you know very self conscious or insecure and you know like self doubt and all these negative things towards myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you if you were somebody that was just meeting you, for the first time, what would be your first impression.
iPhone: I think that I'm like a really nice person, but then whenever I think about that because I was telling a girl that like, you know, before I was even before like started this journey. I was just like,
iPhone: I was like, I don't know why people are starting to, you know, treat me like weird because I feel like I'm a really nice person. I talked to everybody.
iPhone: Super nicely and I don't say like anything messed up about people like I do like with my friends like when I'm at work. I'm like a different person.
iPhone: Like when I talk doing, you know, the veterans or just people in general, even the people I work with. I'm super nice. I'm like, super helpful. And it's like, I don't understand why.
iPhone: People like give me attitude or like the treating like that that I'm annoying. And it's like, I feel like I'm a super nice person, but I'm not trying to
iPhone: SOUND All snobby or stuck up and be I can be the nicest person in the world and nobody else is kind of thing. So it's like, I don't, I don't understand.
iPhone: You know like what people even see me as and it's like, I wish I can just ask people, and you know, nobody can actually be honest with it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and again you know your honesty has to come from within. That's the first thing. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Second thing is, is that you don't know what where these other people are you don't know if they're miserable. You don't know what's going on in their life. You don't know what their response or reaction to you is just that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that something that simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm really trying to sit back and take a look at that piece and not hold on to the way that other people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Respond to you, you know, knowing that you put your best foot forward, and that you're being polite and you're being kind and you're being respectful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And regardless of their response. It's about not holding on to the outcome of that not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Waiting for the approval of them or waiting for, you know, the same response back because nine times out of 10, you're not going to get it. You know, people are very, you know, self consumed and very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuck in their own problems and in their own heads and in it's hard, you know, whenever you try to put your best foot forward and, you know, you try to give that to other people and you don't get that back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, again, not knowing what that really has to do with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you. Because if you're respectful and you're kind and you're, you know, given people acknowledging people and trying to, you know, uplift their spirit and you don't get that same thing in return.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to quit expecting the same thing from other people.
iPhone: Yeah. And the thing is is that I wanted to kind of mentioned like before.
iPhone: Is that how I feel kind of sensitive. Like I feel like I'm kind of like like an empath or whatever the cliche thing of that is, is that usually when people
iPhone: You know, like I feel like I can read people kind of easily. You know, like I can. I just feel like I can sense
iPhone: You know, or maybe it's just me being sensitive or whatever. But it's not always something negative, or like sad or whatever. But, you know, like
iPhone: Like when I was younger, like as long as I've kind of known as like
iPhone: You know, the way that certain people act or talk or something like that. I could. I just feel like I can tell when people like me or when they don't like me.
iPhone: And sleeping even like with guys. I'm like, I know that guy likes near has a crush on me type thing. And it's not being like snobby or whatever, it's just
iPhone: I just feel like I guess have like a magical power type thing, but the whole Empath thing is that, you know, like when somebody feels really sad or, you know,
iPhone: Not like pathetic in a bad way by somebody like you know they look kind of sad and pathetic and you know like
iPhone: You know, it looks like they've had a really, really hard rough life. It looks like they're in a lot of pain. I feel like I feel like that too with them. Like, I feel really, really bad for people all the time.
iPhone: And I just feel like, you know, I understand people like I do understand that people, you know, go through their own things. And, you know, sometimes like it's not just about me kind of thing.
iPhone: It's, you know, like other people go through other things. So I might just be taking things wrong, like how I think I explained to you a few weeks ago is that there was this girl that was like giving me all this attitude and stuff like that and then like a week later.
iPhone: She was like in the hospital for like two or three weeks because she had something wrong with her pancreas, so
iPhone: You know, whenever I finally found out that happen. I was like, well, maybe that's why she was kind of being
iPhone: really snappy and rude. With me is because maybe something's going on with her body and she didn't know what's going on. And maybe she was stressed out because she knew she had to have surgery on her pancreas, or whatever. So, you know, that was kind of like, you know,
iPhone: Like a like I guess like a life lesson or like a lesson that I actually like really understood and like realize that that whole concept of like you don't know what people are going through kind of things. So it's not about you type thing.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And you could be very well you know you could with the stress that you're under right now being, you know, more sensitive than normal. That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not untypical either. And when you're having nightmares. You know, you don't get the sleep that you you know are used to getting so that can cause you know more emotions to be a little off kilter, too. And so you got to put those two things in into play as well and realize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know just most important thing is, you know, you have these group. This group of people that you work with. And that's exactly what it is. As you work with them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, if you're feeling good about where you're at and who you who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, be confident in that. Be confident in, you know, the path that you're walking and what you're doing and what you're bringing to the table and how you were, you know, risk reacting to people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because with, you know, a smile on your face, and good morning from from you. You might be just brighten up that next person's day. You just, you know what I mean, you just don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with it next week, you, you know, you might be totally in a different headspace in a different different emotional space. It just depends, you know, we're kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Changing throughout, you know, the first year in early recovery. Anyways, where our emotions are like, whoa, whoa. And then they spike and then they go down and then they spike and then they go down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and so just realizing that as well. Once you sleep gets, you know, I think it's back to being regulated and once you know the stress with the things that's going on with your dad kind of calms down maybe you'll find that your emotions will calm down to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just don't know when we have things that you know are going on in in our lives stressful things and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In our response to that stress, you know, per person is different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, some people might, you know, sleep all day. Some people might cry. Some people might, you know, their anxiety might spike for that whole time, or I mean you just you just don't know because everybody's so different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really just pay extra attention to what's going on with you you know and and just keep doing what you're doing you know keep putting that smile on your face. Keep giving people niceties. You know what I mean don't change. You know who you are because of the responses you are getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead, do the complete opposite. Turn the notch up a little bit higher, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know people they don't know how to respond to it because most people you meet them in the store. They don't know how to take a wave or they don't know how to take a hello how are you today and I hope you have a great day. And, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but you just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep doing it because that's you know who you are. You know what I mean. Yeah, and it does get better, you know, and if these, you know, these other girls that you work at work with, you know, if they have a problem with you that's their problem to own that's not yours.
iPhone: I'm going to turn the brightness on my phone really quick. I don't know if you saw or not.
iPhone: There you are. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what I would say is I would just turn the niceties up another notch and realize that you know whatever they think about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's their problem or their, you know, business. It's not yours. And as long as you're doing you know what you're supposed to do and you're doing your job and you know what I mean, you're showing up and you're living your life. It's not, don't let it, you know, try not to let it affect you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it can't always be easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because people that we like you're with them more than you or your family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that kind of makes it makes it tough, but you just got to keep pushing through you know even
iPhone: Say, another thing is that it always seems like almost
iPhone: It feels like almost every week. Like, there's always something where, you know, like either my supervisor or like the you know the head MSA, you know that we work with, like today she came up to me and she was just like oh
iPhone: Like she always makes it seem like, oh, it's not a problem or anything like that. But, you know, she's like yeah, when you're up front. Try not to work on any of like your side duties.
iPhone: Just focus on being up front. And I'm like, who the hell you know freaking said something and because I've seen other people do it too. So it's kind of like other everybody does it type of thing, but
iPhone: You know she tries to tell me, and then it makes me think. I'm like, who the hell is freakin ratting on me again type. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
iPhone: A like pissed me off. And I was just like, I was like, well, what else is next, you know, kind of thing.
iPhone: So it was like I kind of blew up for a second. But I was kind of pissed off because you know most of the people that we work with, even though we're short staffed. I have the most doctors that I do work for
iPhone: Or I mean like they might have more work. Maybe because they've been there a little bit longer, in a way, like they might have other little side duties, but I'm doing like
iPhone: Most people have two doctors. You're only supposed to have one doctor but since we're so short staff, but I actually have four Doctors Opposed to doctors
iPhone: So it's like I'm I have a lot of stuff. I have to do. And it seems like, I don't have enough time to actually do it. And I actually told my boss last Thursday, because I took Friday off.
iPhone: I told her I was like, there's no way that I can always be sitting up front and then get all these things done because you know you're supposed to do it within like 72 hours or so.
iPhone: And it's like, there's no way in hell that can get that much work done and I got to do like cancellations and rescheduled and
iPhone: You know, read scrubbing the clinics, like, you know, making sure that the appointments are scheduled correctly by all these different people scheduling.
iPhone: So it's like I have like a lot of stuff to do. And I told him that I was like I don't mind doing the work. I just need the time to actually do it. And now, like I'm being told, like
iPhone: Oh, when you say friend, you're not simple stuff. You're just supposed to only do the job of like what you're doing. Like when you're sitting up front like either
iPhone: Checking in the patients or checking out the patients like or whatever little tasks that you do while you're up there, but you're not supposed to like
iPhone: Be on the phone like trying to reschedule appointments or doing your alerts that you got from doctors, nurses that have people that are scheduling asking questions and stuff so I don't know it's just
iPhone: It's like I'm kind of stressed with work but same time not like I feel like
iPhone: In the past, when I'd be stressed out. I was like, really irritable and stuff like that. But it could have also been like the pills and stuff like that like
iPhone: You know, helping but not really helping you know with the stress and the irritability, probably coming from
iPhone: You know, taking so many or even being withdrawing from them, or something like that. And that's why
iPhone: When I was seeing a psychiatrist. She said that you know like I was like bipolar or something because
iPhone: I would always have these these, you know, like a roller coaster of extreme highs and extreme lows and being irritable here and there and
iPhone: So she was just like, yeah, you're bipolar and I'm just like, I don't know about that. But whatever type of thing. I was just still trying to take all this medicine and
iPhone: Not actually stop taking the, you know, abusing the pills, but trying to add more pills to the mix to try to counteract the, you know, I guess the side effects from, you know, like the pain pills.
iPhone: Mm hmm. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's make it worse.
iPhone: Yeah, so I think like because like when I was taking the antidepressants and the the Abilify like all that kind of stuff, like I felt like if it wasn't
iPhone: Doing anything. It wasn't working. If anything, it was just pretty much just killing off my high or making it so I couldn't get high or even like during sex. Like, you know, not being able to really, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: I guess, get off, you know,
iPhone: That's a part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's part of opiates, though you know you struggle with with those types of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're, you know, when you're taking opiates, so that makes perfect sense. It goes in line with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the other medication can't really do its job if you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: abusing you know opiates at the same time.
iPhone: Yeah, exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So kind of counter contradict each other and
iPhone: That's why I was kind of like, I don't want to
iPhone: You know, because like when the doctor, you know, when we're talking and stuff like that for our first meeting will stuff. But I told him I was like yeah I was technically diagnosed with like bipolar or whatever.
iPhone: But at the same time wasn't being you know exactly truly honest, like they didn't know about my addiction at all or anything like that. So,
iPhone: I just told him, I was like, I'd rather just, you know, be like, completely sober and actually see where I really am. You know, because it's not like I was bipolar before
iPhone: I, you know, started doing all the pills or at least that I known of like I've never had, like, the symptoms. I was experiencing before
iPhone: You know, I started become like a real addict and stuff like that. So, you know, that's why I was like, I'd rather just be all neutral and, you know, figure out what's really going on with my body and see what I actually need for my body to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you feel like that's where you're at, or do you still feel like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That needs worked on a little bit more
iPhone: Well, I mean, I feel like. Like, even though I feel sad. I wouldn't say I feel depressed. You know, like there, to me there's like a difference because I even whenever because like a pretty much like I feel like I haven't felt depressed and like months. That's why I kind of stopped taking
iPhone: You know my Wellbutrin and even like the Abilify I was just like, I don't necessarily feel
iPhone: Depressed and like hopeless and like I just, I wish I was dead, or, you know, like I've never really had any crazy thoughts or anything like that. And then, ever since I started this journey of just being sober.
iPhone: I definitely haven't really been like, like I've been happier, like I like how I've kind of explained to him like spending more time with my husband, or my kid, and I'm not really like isolating myself or
iPhone: being super lazy like actually clean stuff and organizing and, you know, like I'm keeping busy and not just consuming my face into my phone 24 seven
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good and how are you doing on all that this week.
iPhone: I mean i i would say like even like with my phone like watching stuff or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continually yeah continually stepping up and spending time
I mean,
iPhone: Since I've been a little bit stressed out, like the past week.
iPhone: I've been
iPhone: Kind of lot more like kind of into my phone and like my husband last night. Go. Do you want to watch this show. And I'm just like, man.
iPhone: I'd rather just watch something on my phone. So I've kind of like, you know, slipped away from watching TV with my husband and just trying to watch something on my phone, but
iPhone: Instead of like coming home, making dinner, taking a shower and then going to lay in the bedroom and watch my phone. You know, I still
iPhone: I still like come home and I do your a make dinner and then I'll like clean something like I'm still kind of doing a little bit more productive things. But then when it comes time to like sit down and kind of like rest. It's not like I'm like
iPhone: 20 knock everything out really quick to go lay in bed and watch my phone for hours and hours and hours like I was before. I'm actually
iPhone: Even though I I still get everything done and then when I sit down to rest, sort of, say, I just sit out on the couch and I'm still like
iPhone: I'm still kind of out there, but my face is stolen my phone. Technically, but I'm not like you know hibernating in the bedroom like I was before. So it's like
iPhone: Like I'm still kind of, you know, being a little bit more out there, but it's entirely, not exactly. So it's like I'm kind of in the middle. Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you pay attention to, you know, when you are stressed and when you do decide to sit in your phone more versus not. And generally it is whenever we're there's things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are going on in our life that are out of our control that we need to escape from and that's really when the internet becomes, you know, kind of our, our escape route.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and a lot of ways.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially when the scenario is out of your control like you have no control over what's going on with your dad. You know, that's something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're, you know, you're powerless over but you are still a product of it. So, you know, you still are going to be affected by it. And so understanding that that piece that you know their breakup is it's a loss, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you. And so, you know, knowing that knowing that you don't have control over it and and really sitting in that fact and really working hard on staying out of your phone when you really want to escape.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being, you know, part of your family, even if you just give yourself, you know, a little bit of time and your phone. And then, you know, at the that a lot of time. Put it away and you know make an effort to be present with your husband and your, you know, and your baby and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It helps you also get out of your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, not focus so much on things that, again, that you don't have control over. And that's what I hear, what do you talk about the things that you're dreaming. I hear you know the the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: things outside of your control. You know, you know, it's that powerless feeling. And so when you're in a dream and you're paralyzed. You're powerless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you can't really do anything. And that's the connection that I made when you were telling me about your dream. I'm not a dream expert by any means, but, you know, that's exactly what came to my mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As you've gotten living
iPhone: With me I'm like really like in the dreams and stuff like that. Like, I'm kind of like fascinated, like, oh, this dream could mean this or that, you know, but
iPhone: You know, like there's times where I do have like a dream that I remember very, very well. And it, it just sits weird with me all day, because I just almost like obsessively. Think about it. And it like
iPhone: Dreams. You know, sometimes like freaking out and it makes it I don't know exactly what it really does to me. It just makes me feel kind of weird for the day.
iPhone: Of like what I dreamt about, you know, like certain that really good dreams like that's awesome and stuff then whenever I have like these weird, like whether they're free key or scary.
iPhone: It just sits weird with me all day and it, it doesn't really, you know, like I always feel like dreams means something in real life, which I do really
iPhone: Feel like that's how it is, you know,
iPhone: So, you know, like I said, like dreams, like I say the dreams just freaked me out a lot of the time, so it sometimes it
iPhone: Does make me feel a little bit anxious or something like that dream or something. And I know another thing I forgot to tell you
iPhone: I actually the way that I woke up last night is that whenever I told you I felt like all these lumps and stuff like on all on my body.
iPhone: I was actually able to scream out in my sleep. Kevin, er, like I was telling to like take me to the ER, but I could barely
iPhone: You know, I was trying to like talk to him and tell him I'm like, take me to the hospital or something and
iPhone: I actually screamed out in real life like Kevin, er, like I was able to get those words out of my mouth and I know it kind of like it kind of woke up.
iPhone: You know, my husband, a little bit like he kind of like shuffled around in bed a little bit. He wears earplugs when he goes to sleep and then the dogs because I probably freak them out. They kind of like, you know, we're running
iPhone: Around on the bed and stuff like that. So I know I actually said something
iPhone: In real life, but it. I don't know. It just ages freaked me out. Like I woke up and I was just, I was terrified to go to sleep last night like actually go back to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I would pay attention to it and just pay, you know, pay attention to what time you're going to sleep, pay attention to, you know, what's different. What's changed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To cause this unsettled rest but definitely talk to talk to the doctor about that medication and what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's done what it has done to you so that way you know he can discontinue it and maybe look at other options. You know, if you still you know are interested in in trying something to help you sleep, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, but as long as you're like focusing and your, your self care is good and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're really honing in on what's going on with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just pay attention to those those thoughts and feelings and and let them be with them get to an end, you know, don't dwell on them, but let them get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go through their process and it could just be you know the process. You know, we, our bodies find different ways to process things that we go through, whether it be awake or asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, maybe it's just some things that that you haven't processed yet that's coming out in your dream or, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, I'm not a dream specialist, but
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely you know with the things that you're experiencing right now and what's going on in your life. It makes perfect sense that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mind is definitely going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gravitate it and spit it out, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and really pay attention to your dreams over this, you know, the next week. And maybe that's something that we should talk to talk about with the doctor about dreams and what do they mean and where do they come from and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He has, you know, a whole nother insight you know that I don't know about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That he can shed some light on that whole process as well.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know something else too is when you dream. Somebody told me once that if you woke up and you grab you had a journal on the side of your bed and you just jotted down what was in your mind. You know what I mean. Then you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put it away and then later on review it and you could probably find the meaning you know of that dream in your writing afterwards, you know. Yeah. So there's something you can try to
iPhone: Yeah, cuz I know whenever I used to have my other therapist.
iPhone: We got along like really, really well. Like, you know, like whenever like she just randomly brought up the fact that she used to work. Yeah, I guess maybe kind of like did what you did like she was, she was like a drug therapist or substance abuse therapist or I don't know exact label.
iPhone: But you know she kind of did something similar to like what you did, but it was like in person type of thing and
iPhone: She mentioned something like that. And then I was like okay I feel comfortable about telling her about my addiction. So I did.
iPhone: And like we kind of worked on that for like, you know, a few weeks or so before I stopped going kind of thing. But another thing that you know
iPhone: Night, she's she just product. The fact she's like, Yeah, I'm like really into dreams and like you know I have like, like a lot of books about like little meanings and all this kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
iPhone: You know, like, that was another little connection where, you know, I'd be all like, what does this mean you know she was like
iPhone: You know, a dream interpreter type thing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How can you Google what you're you do Google certain things about your dream to see
iPhone: I'm not in the past. Yeah, I haven't done it like a long time, but I used to do it like
iPhone: You know, because especially whenever I was taking pills a lie. I would have a lot of dreams where they felt very, very realistic and
iPhone: Like sometimes that you know because another thing is my memory is pretty shoddy where
iPhone: You know my dreams in real life. They felt so real, because people like from what I've heard is that people say, Oh yeah, if you want to know if you're actually in a dream or not just look at a claw.
iPhone: Your brain won't really be able to decipher like the hands of a clock and what time it actually is.
iPhone: Like your brain can't really remember that, like in your dreams and stuff like that.
iPhone: It's something to the effect of that so
iPhone: But whenever I dream. I look at a clock, but it's always like a digital clock. It's not like a hand clock. So it's like in my dreams, but last night.
iPhone: Whenever I was having that freaky dream. I remember I was trying to look at the clock and it was really, really blurry. The digital clock that I always see in my dream where I think like, I'm like,
iPhone: Okay, is this dream real or not. And then like
iPhone: You know, since I'm thinking of it, and I'm like, paste this ruler and I it's like my brain always knows to bring up like a digital clock for some reason. It's really weird.
iPhone: Not like a hand cloth. But, you know, like a digital one but last night. It happened where I'm like, is this real or fake. Like, what the heck's going on.
iPhone: And I'm like, trying to look at a clock and I could barely, barely, barely see it. I know. I think it might have said something like 735 or 755. I mean, it wasn't a real time of like the night but you know I was still trying to read it and see what it made out but
iPhone: It just looked really fuzzy and blurry. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's definitely something that we should be talking to the doctor about because again, he might have more insight on that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And research it. You know what I mean, just start researching it, start looking it up and you know, writing it down these key points because, you know, that's how you'll get a better understanding of what your brains processing, you know, kind of amazing thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what are you going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to monitor your sleep. This week, you're not going to take any more prison.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and what are you going to do to help you go to sleep.
iPhone: Well, last week when I went to go see the doctor. Like, because they wanted me to do in person, follow up from when I went to the ER and
iPhone: I think I forgot to tell the doctor that yesterday and I'm pretty sure I did but you know they referred me to a cardiologist, and they want me to do a swallow test to
iPhone: For like a couple little reasons of some sort, but she also because I told her about the acetone or what I was doing and stuff and the swelling.
iPhone: And the sleeping, whatever. And she like i for i think it's called like Valerian Root or something. It was like, you know, kind of like or something. So I think I'm going to try to get some of that and
iPhone: Okay, well that works because I have so much melatonin at home. I used to take it like every single night. And if I tried taking melatonin. It doesn't do anything to me. It's almost like trying to take Benadryl I actually haven't taken Benadryl and probably
iPhone: Like probably about a month or so. And when I was taking a Benadryl taking like five or six seven time to try to go to sleep, which is a lot, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, you know,
iPhone: Me, I would like now I wouldn't dare to take that much because like, I'm afraid. Like I just be in a coma or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. You don't want to, um, yeah, definitely try the natural way first and then we'll talk to the doctor more when we see him on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll bring up your dreams and maybe we can you know really kind of get in a little deeper about what's going on as far as Australians go and see what his perception is in that area.
iPhone: Can I make one case before you go, though.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Maybe since will be in group. I mean, maybe somebody else in the group could like maybe they might have, like other insights or something more interpretations of dreams or like
iPhone: I don't know, think it'd be like a topic for, you know, like the group or something you know like will do the medication thing and then usually you guys have a topic to talk about. So
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I don't know if that could be something where you know somebody can share their like experiences like weather like what certain you know things mean or something like that. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I will discuss it with a doctor and we will definitely bring it up in group. It's a topic, you know, it's something that we need to learn about anyway. So, good idea. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're gonna have a great week and I'm going to see you in group on Monday. Okay. And you're going to monitor your dreams, maybe right jot down little you know little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: memos on the things that you dreamed about between now and then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's bring it to the table and see what we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, we can learn. I can. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Okay. All right. You have a great week, and I will see you Monday and
iPhone: I think we do. Okay.